we want to fight bad guys it defines Who
I am
we're not saying you have what someone
on TV said it the fact that these people
have these powers is secondary to the
fact that they are a strong unit even
without those powers looks normal to me
am I gonna get happy or gonna make it
laughs the answer is yes closer movies
great so on the edge of right now with
the internet not seeing it in a theater
I think he'd be missing that
technological aspect the visuals are so
beautiful sound everything's very
rewarding she's an advocate for
superheroes were you tricked to know it
was there a baby crying in the audience
last night definitely don't want to miss
the ride
where are you
you